feat(curriculum): add case converter project to teach list comprehension (#52569)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/20-upcoming-python/learn-list-comprehension-by-building-a-case-converter-program/657f4345abe7f2161f99f1ad.md

---
id: 657f4345abe7f2161f99f1ad
title: Step 16
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-16
---

# --description--

> Start by redefining the `snake_cased_char_list` variable as an empty list. Make use of the square brace notation to create the list but do not put anything between the braces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start by redefining the `snake_cased_char_list` variable as an empty list. Use the square brace notation to create the list but do not put anything between the braces.
```

> Put the braces in separate lines so that you have some space between them, where you can work on the code for the comprehension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Put the braces in separate lines so that you have some space between them, where you can work on the code for the list comprehension.
```

---
id: 657f4345abe7f2161f99f1ad
title: Step 16
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-16
---

# --description--

> Start by redefining the `snake_cased_char_list` variable as an empty list. Use the square brace notation to create the list but do not put anything between the braces.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Start by replacing `pass` with the variable `snake_cased_char_list` and assign it an empty list. Use the square brace notation to create the list but do not put anything between the braces.
```
